---
layout: post
author: Jett
title: 2020/05/06
date: 2020-05-06 06:10:00 +0800
categories: [thoughts, test]
---

This isn't really much of a blog post, more of a test. The power is currently out so I'm writing this from the office.

I should probably make my first post at least contain some semblance of content, despite the fact that it's really just a glorified test.

My goals for this blog are mostly to see if I can actually keep a project going for any amount of time. The reason I chose to blog over any other project is mostly just barrier to entry, I already had an abandoned blog git repo and the tools to write a blog are reasonably easy to come by.

Starting something new is difficult, you never really know if you're going to look back at it and feel ashamed, or if you're more optimistic you might be confident that you'll look back at it and have a sense of pride. I'm not optimistic.

I remember reading an article that mentioned some good reasons to start a blog, by now it's no doubt buried deep within my browsing history, but I remember it had some good points that I'll try to list out.

- Write small articles to keep track of new things you learn
- reflect on projects
- Gain community feedback

I have 2 big worries about a blog, the first being is it just wasted effort, am I just throwing my words into the void of the internet for no real reason? and the second being quite the opposite, am I going to be harshly criticized for any information I dare put forward.

I think the second of the above options is my worst fear, I desperately want to write up my projects but at the same time I deeply know all the flaws within them. I know that if I write up one of my latest projects, which involves uploading files people will no doubt point out the issue that I forgot to sanitize the file name, which I know is a vulnerability and I'm afraid that someone with less awareness than me would then read it and copy my mistake.

All of this writing has made me aware of another one of my fears, I'm absolutely terrible at writing short sentences.

Well, hopefully I improve my writing and clarity, I think it'd be nice to have something like this to put my ideas and thoughts.

I look forward to sharing them with you, Google web crawler and other bots that crawl random blogs.

Maybe we'll both learn something along the way.
